---
title: Budapest, Hungary
slug: budapest
layout: post
categories: 35mm
album: 2018-06-budapest
excerpt: >
  A 5-day trip to Budapest in June 2018.
  See photos (taken on 35mm film) in Castle Town, the Citadella and next to Liberty Statue.
  Also from the Children's Railway station, a visit to the Elizabeth Lookout Tower
  and the very impressive Hungarian Parliament Building.
---
{% assign album = site.data.albums[page.album] %}

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=0 %}

Boarding flight 2204 to Budapest at London Luton Airport.

Ben looks like a rockstar.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=1 %}

Colourful, cylindrical lighting tubes contributed to the underground feel and decoration of [Rácskert][racskert], a streetfood popup we frequented to 'refuel'.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=2 %}

Posers...

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=3 %}

Castle Town's view of the hills surrounding Budapest. I think this is part of Zugliget Hill.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=4 %}

Hungarian national flags in Castle Town.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=5 %}

Leading down and away from [Buda Castle][buda-castle]...

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=6 %}

Budapest's [Liberty Statue][liberty-statue] was a hotspot for tourist selfie's. Unfortunately lighting conditions, at least while we were there, didn't make this ideal.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=7 %}

I like this shot's composition and view (of course). However, the grain in the clouds shouldn't be as prominent as it is...

As can be said for most of the photos in this album, I think either I underrated the speed of the stock or the light metre on my 50 year old camera is slightly out.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=8 %}

'Intentionally' focused (or perhaps just out) on the fence at the bottom of frame as the children's railway train arrives. Despite the technical issues, I quite like how this came out.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=9 %}

The [Elizabeth Lookout Tower][elizabeth-lookout-tower] on János Hill.

I waited for the best opportunity to get a good photo of the tower. As a result I ended up taking what I could as we were about to leave.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=10 %}

The wall of our aparment block's interior courtyard, covered with bullet holes from the war.

I'm not sure whether it was left like this intentionally, as a form remembering and respecting the cultural significance, or if refurbishments had simplty never been made. Possibly a combination of both... Whatever the case it left a lasting impression whenever we left or arrived at the apartment we were staying at.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=11 %}

The staircase of the main hall in the [Hungarian Parliament Building][hungarian-parliament-building].

Just behind us was the central Domed Hall of the Parliament Building where photography was stricly not allowed and the [Holy Crown of Hungary][holy-crown-hungary] and other crown jewels were on display. This hall had models of all the previous monarchs of Hungary decorating the base of the domed ceiling. I felt a little bit like I was in Lord of the Rings.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=12 %}

Where the politicians of the [Hungarian Parliament Building][hungarian-parliament-building] 'get busy'.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=13 %}

My one photo from inside [St. Stephen's Basilica][st-stephen-basilica]. I don't know whether this was all the light I had or if I was trying to compensate and retain detail in the window.

{% include print_album_image.html album_index=14 %}

Taken shortly before catching our flight back to the UK. I particularly like the backlighting on the bricks complemented by the out of focus, overexposed background.

We had our last coffee and breakfast in Budapest at [Fekete][fekete], a cafe in a closed courtyard on the opposite side of this dimly lit pathway.

[racskert]: https://goo.gl/maps/SgrdHdiXFko
[buda-castle]: https://goo.gl/maps/EVr9c9tnC5B2
[liberty-statue]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberty_Statue_(Budapest)
[elizabeth-lookout-tower]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_Lookout,_Budapest
[hungarian-parliament-building]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_Parliament_Building
[holy-crown-hungary]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_Crown_of_Hungary
[st-stephen-basilica]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Stephen%27s_Basilica
[fekete]: https://goo.gl/maps/HTgxPZSeHk32